But how exactly does the Catharsis?
All projects must have a fundraising goal (from £ 1.00) and a period (between 1 and 60 days). Meanwhile, the project owner has to engage your community to get together the money that was requested. When you finish the deadline, we will have two options, which we call the all-or-nothing:
Successful project: if the goal is reached or exceeded, the project owner is with all money raised, ie everything.
Unsuccessful project: the goal is not reached, we return contributions to all supporters and project owner gets nothing.
Ok! And that all-or-nothing?
We have some good reasons:
It is less risky. Both for the project owner - if he asked for a minimal amount, because without that money is going to be difficult the project happen - and for those who supported - if the project does not happen, the person will have no reward, but will have its cash back or credit will have to support other projects.
It's a great opportunity to test concepts. If you do not get the necessary support, it may be that the project is still not good - after all, the boss is the public.
It gives an extra motivation. Everybody who liked it and was excited with the project shall strive to promote it, especially down the stretch.
And why do people contribute to these projects?
Being part of something bigger. This project will only go ahead if people contribute. That feeling that your support, no matter how small the amount, is crucial for the project to succeed is too good!
You do not need help with a truckload of money. Most projects offer rewards from $ 10.00.
Rewards. Nothing better than services, products and experiences unique, creative, fun, to encourage people to support your project. Rewards are offered by the owners of the projects, according to different ranges of incentives. If you contribute $ 10.00, earn a specific reward. If you contribute $ 50.00, gains another.
So this is not about investment?
No way! The creators of the projects are with 100% ownership and copyright of your ideas.
But, after all, who can have their project in Catharsis?
Here we are with open arms artistic projects - Visual Arts, Cinema, Circus, Dance, Movies, Music, Photography, Literature, Theatre (if we forgot something, can make an earful here ) - as well as creative projects and entrepreneurs arising in fields such as Architecture and Urban Design, Culinary, Design, Fashion, Technology, Games, Comics, Journalism, etc..
If you think your creative project, but he does not fit into any of the above areas, do not be shy, send to us and we'll talk more about it. We're passionate about new ideas and would love to know yours.
As the machine will run?
How do I support a project?
When you are on a project page, click on the green button bigwig "I want to support this project" (located on the right side of the screen). After that, you'll have a field to enter the value that will support and be able to select your reward. On the next screen, you have two options: continue the payment by Paypal or by MoIP.
If you do not live in Brazil, your payment must be made by Paypal, because MoIP not accept international payments. For that, you just click on "Want to make international payment? Click here. "Details: if you are using Paypal, no need to fill those fields address and phone number, ok?
If you are using MoIP, will have to fill in some basic details that are required to make payments. Then you will be redirected to the environment MoIP to choose your preferred payment method and implements it.
How does all this money issue?
So you support the project (and MoIP or Paypal confirm the transaction), the money will go to an account of Catharsis in MoIP or Paypal. Then there are two possibilities:
If the project is successful, we redirect value to the project owner. Down there, in the question "How do the creators of the projects will receive money if the project is successful?" So we detailing.
If the project is not successful, your money back in your account credits in the Catharsis (one day after the last compensation slips, after the fundraising deadline of the project supported), and you can support another project. If you do not want to support another project and would rather have your money back, no problem: go to My Credit (just click on your user name, up there in the right corner of the screen that will appear the option) and click Request Reversal. If payment is made ​​by Paypal, you will have 100 of your money back if the chargeback is requested within 60 days after your payment has been completed, if not, the Paypal transaction fees (5.4% + $ 0 , 39) will be deducted from the amount to be reversed. If pagemento was made ​​by MoIP, you have up to 180 days after their support to make this request, ok?
An important detail: if you paid with a credit card, the reversal will be done on your next bill. If you paid with debit or billet, the only way to do the chargeback is you open an account on MoIP (may seem complicated, but it is not difficult, we help you step-by-step to do this). Then we transfer the value of our account to yours and from there you transfer to your bank account.
And what are the MoIP and Paypal?
Paypal is the benchmark in electronic payments worldwide. And by working worldwide, it enables payments to be made in any country.
The MoIP is one of the most innovative companies in the Brazilian payment gateway.
They enable transactions made in Catharsis are safe and ensure that we can operationalize chargebacks, if the projects are not successful.
I need to have an account with Paypal or MoIP to support a project?
No. You can use your preferred credit card, make a wire transfer if your bank is MoIP partners (Bank of Brazil, Bradesco, Itaú, Banrisul, Banco Real), issue a ticket, use credits in your wallet or direct MoIP in your Paypal account.
What information the project creator will receive if I support your project?
He'll know your username at Catharsis (unless the support has been done anonymously), your email address, the amount you supported and which reward selected.
The value that I contributed be shown publicly?
No, no. Only the project creator receive this information.
And if I want my support is anonymous?
No problems, just select the option I want my support be anonymous in time to support. However, let his public support increases your reputation points and account for our ranking of supporters.
Moreover, the value of their support will not be disclosed to anyone other than the owner of the project (which will always know who you are), even if their support is public.
Will I receive a message when the end of term projects that I supported?
Yes Whether the project succeeds, and if not, you will receive an email.
The creator of the project is to set a deadline to run your project and deliver the rewards?
No. What we do is encourage breeders to make this information transparent as well, but it is up to him to decide on this matter.
Sending your project
What do I need to submit my project?
First you have to enter the "Submit your project" (located in the right corner at the top of the site). Here we explain how the straight Catharsis, and gives you some tips for you to assemble your project. Then just fill in the fields and send the project.
Every project will sent to the site?
No. We have a team responsible for evaluating projects. We will not judge the artistic quality of his or throbbing in your business model. In fact, we want to know a little better the history of the project designer, as he intends to communicate and engage your community to raise the money, knowing what he intends to offer rewards and see if the project fits in our guidelines ( basically, do not accept charity projects or social causes, not finance business indefinitely, only projects).
We have a few reasons for doing this:
Reduce the risks of a project does not run if funded;
Whether the project creator has plans to engage their community to raise funds - and understands that this is one of the most fundamental steps of his campaign;
Check if the rewards create value for supporters.
Oh, and there are no limits of projects that will go to air. It's not a competition. For us, the more projects the better.
What kind of response can I expect after I sent my project?
There are three possibilities: we authorize the project and it goes into the air, we will send new questions to understand a little more about the project, or will not accept the project if it's blend in our focus .
How long will I have to wait for the response of Catharsis?
We will try to respond as quickly as possible, but no more than 4 days.
Thing of money
As the creators of the projects will receive money if the project is successful?
First, they have to have an account on MoIP and if they have payments by Paypal, also there. We recommend that in MoIP either open a Business Account. Payment will be made in two stages. The reason for this is that the backups made from only enter credit card account in the Catharsis 30 days after effecting the payment, ie as soon as the end of the project period, the account does not have the figure for last 30 days of support paid by credit card.
The first step - which represents all payments by bank, bank transfer, and those made with a credit card for more than 30 days, will be made within 2 working days after the project deadline.
The second stage will be available 30 days after the project deadline.
In both cases, it will be discounted values ​​regarding rates of Catharsis and the means of payment. And we will send a report detailing all this scoring for breeders.
What is the rate that the snake Catharsis?
7.5%. Note that this value will only be charged for successful projects.
What is the fee charged by the means of payment?
The rate that the project owner will have to pay varies with the form of payment that is chosen by the supporter. Electronic transfer and Boleto have lower rates, while credit card payments have higher rates. Based on the cases we've had so far, this rate varies between 3.5% and 5.5%. Please note that this fee is only for project owners. For anyone who is supporting a project, there will only be collecting if payment is made with bank, which will cost $ 1.00 for the supporter (and that $ 1.00 is not reversed if the project is not successful).
Does it cost anything to put a project in Catharsis?
No. Not at all.
And what is the maximum that a project can raise?
There is no maximum limit.
It has minimum and maximum value for the rewards?
Has minimum value: £ 10, but has no maximum value.
And intellectual property?
It is and always will be 100% of the project owner.
Walking with the project ...
The design can be edited after launch?
Yes, yes. The only things that can not be changed are: the purpose of financing, the closing date (deadline) and the rewards that were ever selected. Meanwhile, to make these changes you have to send an email to us at contato@catarse.me, ok? Later on, you can do so directly on the website. =)
If my project raised the money before the deadline, I can ask for it to be finalized?
No, you have to wait until the deadline. Incidentally, this is a great opportunity for you to engage your community to get extra support.
Can I edit some information from my project after the project deadline?
No, but you can use the Updates tab to continue in relationship with the supporters or others who became interested in his project.
A project can be deleted from Catharsis?
If it has already been released to the public, no. Even if it is not funded, it will continue on the site, as a matter of transparency.

Can I cancel my project?
Can. For this you will need to send an email to admin@researchable.co . We will also need an explanation (that makes sense) about the reasons that led you to that decision to send to everyone who has contributed their project. In this case, your project will appear with a design range "unfunded", ok?
Projects closed will have a second chance!

Catharsis from the outset, adopted the model "all or nothing". Or the project achieves the goal of financing and receives the money, or resources, and does not reach back to the supporters. And nothing has changed accordingly. Since we launched this rule does not give up, despite the strong desire to see all projects. And influenced by this same desire, we decided to think about the possibility of closed projects have a second chance.
For more than a year of project management, we face different situations about which there is nothing written in large "Crowdfunding Manual" (I wish there were a way ... :) For example, what to do with a project that almost got there? Or with a project that was never there for blame external events? There are so many stories out there about these issues. The model is new and all of us, together, we must decide the guidelines, the modes of operation.
Therefore, taking into account some requests (so far not served by us), we decided to face the issue head on and develop some rules for projects that were not successful have a second chance. We understand that we're all learning and crowdfunding no learning without errors. Fair enough, so allow errors to be corrected. So for those who venture into a project replacing unsuccessful in the air, we will ask that the following requirements are met:
1) The project must have reached at least 25% in the first collection. Most projects that surpasses that mark eventually reaches the full amount and is successful. We believe therefore that if a project reaches this percentage, he deserves a chance.
2) The project should be recast. Whether the project could not be successful, the project or something on your dissemination plan did not work. The director should conduct a review and provide solutions to problems encountered that may result in alteration of the terms of the project itself and the rewards or reformulating the dissemination plan.
3) The Project needs to launch a new video. The idea here is to explain what happened in the first collection and what the differences are for this second campaign.
4) Open the budget. this second attempt is essential to open the budget sheet for everyone to track the costs of completing the project. And, in case of change of the order value (relative to the first campaign), explain the reasons for the reduction / increase. That is, the project will air only after a joint analysis and transparent budget.
5) Send e-mail to all supporters. Transparency with whom rested the first time is crucial. Also, this is a way to bring that person back credits for the project ... ;)
And you, what do you think of these new features and conditions? Can we solve some of the problems posed above? Does less stringent conditions should be adopted? Or tougher? Opine in the comments. Let's get more of this here blog space to discuss issues related to crowdfunding.

Rewards for what you want
Who creates the rewards?
They are all the responsibility of the project designer, so what will be the reward as its value.
What can be offered as a reward?

Practically all, less money: products, services and experiences can come in the package. Ideally, they are creative. Rewards creative cause the project owners are perceived as creative people.

How can I get the information (email, shirt size, address) of the supporters of my project to distribute the rewards?
Page of project supporters, you will see the emails of all his supporters. You should contact them for other types of information.

Who is responsible for the delivery of rewards?
The project owner - and only him. The Catarse only one process facilitator, for example, the free market .

h2 Some more stuff
h3 Does Researchable have a blog?
p Yes. This is it: http://blog.researchable.co/.
h3 Is Researchable on Twitter?
p Yes, our profile is @ Researchable_.
h3 Can I subscribe to you on Facebook?
p Sure. we're at http://www.facebook.com/researchable

h3 Is there somewhere I can request new features?
p Sure. Just click on the "Feedback" button on the right of your screen or contact us at features@researchable.co.

h3 I have a question that is not answered here, how can I get in touch with you?
p You can contact our customer service team at help@researchable.co